A dream today, I'm going to talk about a
program on a worldwide application're
mainly using facebook and
instagram is that of miss mexico between
We still do not know how to get it.
because you do not really find
declares the place makes you go in
chrome opens he writes
deves mesh.com you will be able to find it
this link is probably a description
video click on download from the
app
it will take you place it tó android
is your device is not compatible with the
selection
logical that here is tablet it only install
on cell phone, let's see that one has 7.6
mega stop 'til den haag and good lol
demonstrate it from a few points
corinthians time you enter it
you have is advertising campaigns is
comedy north is reality animal drawing
tv you will choose one of them will
appear every graphic of the person's voice
and you will talk together and soon after
here you see as you speak you turn
You filming right then you dub
right and then you'll find the
best to save in the gallery
then you publish in instagram
shared in the office and where else you
you want and you upload it in ars and everything
but then guys are using the same
time these are not sure that much
people looking and you do not think why
on google play in the play store do not you think
man with this is the tip of today that you
write on the channel
thanks